1336748056
Application	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Article	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/models/article.rb	class Article 
ArticleTest	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/unit/article_test.rb	class ArticleTest 
ArticlesController	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	class ArticlesController 
ArticlesControllerTest	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/functional/articles_controller_test.rb	class ArticlesControllerTest 
ArticlesHelper	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/helpers/articles_helper.rb	module ArticlesHelper
ArticlesHelperTest	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/unit/helpers/articles_helper_test.rb	class ArticlesHelperTest 
Blog	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/config/application.rb	module Blog
BrowsingTest	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateArticles	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/db/migrate/20120511130553_create_articles.rb	class CreateArticles 
TestCase	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
author_with_content	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/models/article.rb	  def author_with_content
author_with_content_merge	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/models/article.rb	  def author_with_content_merge
change	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/db/migrate/20120511130553_create_articles.rb	  def change
create	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/Users/hano/Documents/Development/Projects/rails/blog/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def update
